docs/config-example.md, before:

```yaml
apiVersion: kubekey.kubesphere.io/v1alpha1
kind: Cluster
metadata:
  name: example
spec:
  hosts:
  - {name: node1, address: 172.16.0.2, internalAddress: 172.16.0.2, port: 8022, user: ubuntu, password: Qcloud@123} # Assume that the default port for SSH is 22, otherwise add the port number after the IP address as above
  - {name: node2, address: 172.16.0.3, internalAddress: 172.16.0.3, password: Qcloud@123}  # the default root user
  - {name: node3, address: 172.16.0.4, internalAddress: 172.16.0.4, privateKeyPath: "~/.ssh/id_rsa"} # password-less login with SSH keys
  roleGroups:
    etcd:
     - node1
    master:
     - node1
     - node[2:10] # the nodes from node2, node3,..., to node10
    worker:
     - node1
     - node[10:100]
  controlPlaneEndpoint:
    domain: lb.kubesphere.local
    address: ""
    port: "6443"
  kubernetes:
    version: v1.17.8
    imageRepo: kubesphere
    clusterName: cluster.local
    masqueradeAll: false  # masqueradeAll tells kube-proxy to SNAT everything if using the pure iptables proxy mode. [Default: false]
    maxPods: 110  # maxPods is the number of pods that can run on this Kubelet. [Default: 110]
    nodeCidrMaskSize: 24  # internal network node size allocation. This is the size allocated to each node on your network. [Default: 24]
  network:
    plugin: calico
    calico:
      ipipMode: Always  # IPIP Mode to use for the IPv4 POOL created at start up. If set to a value other than Never, vxlanMode should be set to "Never". [Always | CrossSubnet | Never] [Default: Always]
      vxlanMode: Never  # VXLAN Mode to use for the IPv4 POOL created at start up. If set to a value other than Never, ipipMode should be set to "Never". [Always | CrossSubnet | Never] [Default: Never]
      vethMTU: 1440  # The maximum transmission unit (MTU) setting determines the largest packet size that can be transmitted through your network. [Default: 1440]
    podNetworkCidr: 10.233.64.0/18
    serviceNetworkCidr: 10.233.0.0/18
  registry:
    registryMirrors: []
    insecureRegistries: []
    privateRegistry: ""
  storage:
    defaultStorageClass: localVolume
    localVolume:
      storageClassName: local
    nfsClient:
      storageClassName: nfs-client
      # Hostname of the NFS server(ip or hostname)
      nfsServer: SHOULD_BE_REPLACED
      # Basepath of the mount point
      nfsPath: SHOULD_BE_REPLACED
      nfsVrs3Enabled: false
      nfsArchiveOnDelete: false
    rbd:
      storageClassName: rbd
      # Ceph rbd monitor endpoints, for example
      # monitors:
      #   - 172.25.0.1:6789
      #   - 172.25.0.2:6789
      #   - 172.25.0.3:6789
      monitors:
      - SHOULD_BE_REPLACED
      adminID: admin
      # ceph admin secret, for example,
      # adminSecret: AQAnwihbXo+uDxAAD0HmWziVgTaAdai90IzZ6Q==
      adminSecret: TYPE_ADMIN_ACCOUNT_HERE
      userID: admin
      # ceph user secret, for example,
      # userSecret: AQAnwihbXo+uDxAAD0HmWziVgTaAdai90IzZ6Q==
      userSecret: TYPE_USER_SECRET_HERE
      pool: rbd
      fsType: ext4
      imageFormat: 2
      imageFeatures: layering
    glusterfs:
      storageClassName: glusterfs
      restAuthEnabled: true
      # e.g. glusterfs_provisioner_resturl: http://192.168.0.4:8080
      restUrl: SHOULD_BE_REPLACED
      # e.g. glusterfs_provisioner_clusterid: 6a6792ed25405eaa6302da99f2f5e24b
      clusterID: SHOULD_BE_REPLACED
      restUser: admin
      secretName: heketi-secret
      gidMin: 40000
      gidMax: 50000
      volumeType: replicate:2
      # e.g. jwt_admin_key: 123456
      jwtAdminKey: SHOULD_BE_REPLACED

---
apiVersion: installer.kubesphere.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterConfiguration
metadata:
  name: ks-installer
  namespace: kubesphere-system
  labels:
    version: v3.0.0
spec:
  local_registry: ""
  persistence:
    storageClass: ""
  etcd:
    monitoring: true        # Whether to install etcd monitoring dashboard
    endpointIps: 192.168.0.7,192.168.0.8,192.168.0.9  # etcd cluster endpointIps
    port: 2379              # etcd port
    tlsEnable: true
  common:
    mysqlVolumeSize: 20Gi # MySQL PVC size
    minioVolumeSize: 20Gi # Minio PVC size
    etcdVolumeSize: 20Gi  # etcd PVC size
    openldapVolumeSize: 2Gi   # openldap PVC size
    redisVolumSize: 2Gi # Redis PVC size
  console:
    enableMultiLogin: false  # enable/disable multiple sing on, it allows an account can be used by different users at the same time.
    port: 30880
  alerting:                # Whether to install KubeSphere alerting system. It enables Users to customize alerting policies to send messages to receivers in time with different time intervals and alerting levels to choose from.
    enabled: false
  auditing:                # Whether to install KubeSphere audit log system. It provides a security-relevant chronological set of records，recording the sequence of activities happened in platform, initiated by different tenants.
    enabled: false         
  devops:                  # Whether to install KubeSphere DevOps System. It provides out-of-box CI/CD system based on Jenkins, and automated workflow tools including Source-to-Image & Binary-to-Image
    enabled: false
    jenkinsMemoryLim: 2Gi      # Jenkins memory limit
    jenkinsMemoryReq: 1500Mi   # Jenkins memory request
    jenkinsVolumeSize: 8Gi     # Jenkins volume size
    jenkinsJavaOpts_Xms: 512m  # The following three fields are JVM parameters
    jenkinsJavaOpts_Xmx: 512m
    jenkinsJavaOpts_MaxRAM: 2g
  events:                  # Whether to install KubeSphere events system. It provides a graphical web console for Kubernetes Events exporting, filtering and alerting in multi-tenant Kubernetes clusters.
    enabled: false
  logging:                 # Whether to install KubeSphere logging system. Flexible logging functions are provided for log query, collection and management in a unified console. Additional log collectors can be added, such as Elasticsearch, Kafka and Fluentd.
    enabled: false
    elasticsearchMasterReplicas: 1   # total number of master nodes, it's not allowed to use even number
    elasticsearchDataReplicas: 1     # total number of data nodes
    logsidecarReplicas: 2
    elasticsearchMasterVolumeSize: 4Gi   # Volume size of Elasticsearch master nodes
    elasticsearchDataVolumeSize: 20Gi    # Volume size of Elasticsearch data nodes
    logMaxAge: 7                     # Log retention time in built-in Elasticsearch, it is 7 days by default.
    elkPrefix: logstash              # The string making up index names. The index name will be formatted as ks-<elk_prefix>-log
  metrics_server:                    # Whether to install metrics-server. IT enables HPA (Horizontal Pod Autoscaler).
  monitoring:                        #
    prometheusReplicas: 1            # Prometheus replicas are responsible for monitoring different segments of data source and provide high availability as well.
    prometheusMemoryRequest: 400Mi   # Prometheus request memory
    prometheusVolumeSize: 20Gi       # Prometheus PVC size
    alertmanagerReplicas: 1          # AlertManager Replicas
  multicluster:
    clusterRole: none  # host | member | none  # You can install a solo cluster, or specify it as the role of host or member cluster
  networkpolicy:       # Network policies allow network isolation within the same cluster, which means firewalls can be set up between certain instances (Pods).
    enabled: false     
  notification:        # It supports notification management in multi-tenant Kubernetes clusters. It allows you to set AlertManager as its sender, and receivers include Email, Wechat Work, and Slack.
    enabled: false
  openpitrix:          # Whether to install KubeSphere Application Store. It provides an application store for Helm-based applications, and offer application lifecycle management
    enabled: false
  servicemesh:         # Whether to install KubeSphere Service Mesh (Istio-based). It provides fine-grained traffic management, observability and tracing, and offer visualization for traffic topology
    enabled: false

```

Commit message:

supprot custom kube-proxy mode
Signed-off-by: pixiake <guofeng@yunify.com>

docs/config-example.md, after:

```yaml
apiVersion: kubekey.kubesphere.io/v1alpha1
kind: Cluster
metadata:
  name: example
spec:
  hosts:
  - {name: node1, address: 172.16.0.2, internalAddress: 172.16.0.2, port: 8022, user: ubuntu, password: Qcloud@123} # Assume that the default port for SSH is 22, otherwise add the port number after the IP address as above
  - {name: node2, address: 172.16.0.3, internalAddress: 172.16.0.3, password: Qcloud@123}  # the default root user
  - {name: node3, address: 172.16.0.4, internalAddress: 172.16.0.4, privateKeyPath: "~/.ssh/id_rsa"} # password-less login with SSH keys
  roleGroups:
    etcd:
     - node1
    master:
     - node1
     - node[2:10] # the nodes from node2, node3,..., to node10
    worker:
     - node1
     - node[10:100]
  controlPlaneEndpoint:
    domain: lb.kubesphere.local
    address: ""
    port: "6443"
  kubernetes:
    version: v1.17.8
    imageRepo: kubesphere
    clusterName: cluster.local
    masqueradeAll: false  # masqueradeAll tells kube-proxy to SNAT everything if using the pure iptables proxy mode. [Default: false]
    maxPods: 110  # maxPods is the number of pods that can run on this Kubelet. [Default: 110]
    nodeCidrMaskSize: 24  # internal network node size allocation. This is the size allocated to each node on your network. [Default: 24]
    proxyMode: ipvs  # mode specifies which proxy mode to use. [Default: ipvs]
  network:
    plugin: calico
    calico:
      ipipMode: Always  # IPIP Mode to use for the IPv4 POOL created at start up. If set to a value other than Never, vxlanMode should be set to "Never". [Always | CrossSubnet | Never] [Default: Always]
      vxlanMode: Never  # VXLAN Mode to use for the IPv4 POOL created at start up. If set to a value other than Never, ipipMode should be set to "Never". [Always | CrossSubnet | Never] [Default: Never]
      vethMTU: 1440  # The maximum transmission unit (MTU) setting determines the largest packet size that can be transmitted through your network. [Default: 1440]
    podNetworkCidr: 10.233.64.0/18
    serviceNetworkCidr: 10.233.0.0/18
  registry:
    registryMirrors: []
    insecureRegistries: []
    privateRegistry: ""
  storage:
    defaultStorageClass: localVolume
    localVolume:
      storageClassName: local
    nfsClient:
      storageClassName: nfs-client
      # Hostname of the NFS server(ip or hostname)
      nfsServer: SHOULD_BE_REPLACED
      # Basepath of the mount point
      nfsPath: SHOULD_BE_REPLACED
      nfsVrs3Enabled: false
      nfsArchiveOnDelete: false
    rbd:
      storageClassName: rbd
      # Ceph rbd monitor endpoints, for example
      # monitors:
      #   - 172.25.0.1:6789
      #   - 172.25.0.2:6789
      #   - 172.25.0.3:6789
      monitors:
      - SHOULD_BE_REPLACED
      adminID: admin
      # ceph admin secret, for example,
      # adminSecret: AQAnwihbXo+uDxAAD0HmWziVgTaAdai90IzZ6Q==
      adminSecret: TYPE_ADMIN_ACCOUNT_HERE
      userID: admin
      # ceph user secret, for example,
      # userSecret: AQAnwihbXo+uDxAAD0HmWziVgTaAdai90IzZ6Q==
      userSecret: TYPE_USER_SECRET_HERE
      pool: rbd
      fsType: ext4
      imageFormat: 2
      imageFeatures: layering
    glusterfs:
      storageClassName: glusterfs
      restAuthEnabled: true
      # e.g. glusterfs_provisioner_resturl: http://192.168.0.4:8080
      restUrl: SHOULD_BE_REPLACED
      # e.g. glusterfs_provisioner_clusterid: 6a6792ed25405eaa6302da99f2f5e24b
      clusterID: SHOULD_BE_REPLACED
      restUser: admin
      secretName: heketi-secret
      gidMin: 40000
      gidMax: 50000
      volumeType: replicate:2
      # e.g. jwt_admin_key: 123456
      jwtAdminKey: SHOULD_BE_REPLACED

---
apiVersion: installer.kubesphere.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterConfiguration
metadata:
  name: ks-installer
  namespace: kubesphere-system
  labels:
    version: v3.0.0
spec:
  local_registry: ""
  persistence:
    storageClass: ""
  etcd:
    monitoring: true        # Whether to install etcd monitoring dashboard
    endpointIps: 192.168.0.7,192.168.0.8,192.168.0.9  # etcd cluster endpointIps
    port: 2379              # etcd port
    tlsEnable: true
  common:
    mysqlVolumeSize: 20Gi # MySQL PVC size
    minioVolumeSize: 20Gi # Minio PVC size
    etcdVolumeSize: 20Gi  # etcd PVC size
    openldapVolumeSize: 2Gi   # openldap PVC size
    redisVolumSize: 2Gi # Redis PVC size
  console:
    enableMultiLogin: false  # enable/disable multiple sing on, it allows an account can be used by different users at the same time.
    port: 30880
  alerting:                # Whether to install KubeSphere alerting system. It enables Users to customize alerting policies to send messages to receivers in time with different time intervals and alerting levels to choose from.
    enabled: false
  auditing:                # Whether to install KubeSphere audit log system. It provides a security-relevant chronological set of records，recording the sequence of activities happened in platform, initiated by different tenants.
    enabled: false         
  devops:                  # Whether to install KubeSphere DevOps System. It provides out-of-box CI/CD system based on Jenkins, and automated workflow tools including Source-to-Image & Binary-to-Image
    enabled: false
    jenkinsMemoryLim: 2Gi      # Jenkins memory limit
    jenkinsMemoryReq: 1500Mi   # Jenkins memory request
    jenkinsVolumeSize: 8Gi     # Jenkins volume size
    jenkinsJavaOpts_Xms: 512m  # The following three fields are JVM parameters
    jenkinsJavaOpts_Xmx: 512m
    jenkinsJavaOpts_MaxRAM: 2g
  events:                  # Whether to install KubeSphere events system. It provides a graphical web console for Kubernetes Events exporting, filtering and alerting in multi-tenant Kubernetes clusters.
    enabled: false
  logging:                 # Whether to install KubeSphere logging system. Flexible logging functions are provided for log query, collection and management in a unified console. Additional log collectors can be added, such as Elasticsearch, Kafka and Fluentd.
    enabled: false
    elasticsearchMasterReplicas: 1   # total number of master nodes, it's not allowed to use even number
    elasticsearchDataReplicas: 1     # total number of data nodes
    logsidecarReplicas: 2
    elasticsearchMasterVolumeSize: 4Gi   # Volume size of Elasticsearch master nodes
    elasticsearchDataVolumeSize: 20Gi    # Volume size of Elasticsearch data nodes
    logMaxAge: 7                     # Log retention time in built-in Elasticsearch, it is 7 days by default.
    elkPrefix: logstash              # The string making up index names. The index name will be formatted as ks-<elk_prefix>-log
  metrics_server:                    # Whether to install metrics-server. IT enables HPA (Horizontal Pod Autoscaler).
  monitoring:                        #
    prometheusReplicas: 1            # Prometheus replicas are responsible for monitoring different segments of data source and provide high availability as well.
    prometheusMemoryRequest: 400Mi   # Prometheus request memory
    prometheusVolumeSize: 20Gi       # Prometheus PVC size
    alertmanagerReplicas: 1          # AlertManager Replicas
  multicluster:
    clusterRole: none  # host | member | none  # You can install a solo cluster, or specify it as the role of host or member cluster
  networkpolicy:       # Network policies allow network isolation within the same cluster, which means firewalls can be set up between certain instances (Pods).
    enabled: false     
  notification:        # It supports notification management in multi-tenant Kubernetes clusters. It allows you to set AlertManager as its sender, and receivers include Email, Wechat Work, and Slack.
    enabled: false
  openpitrix:          # Whether to install KubeSphere Application Store. It provides an application store for Helm-based applications, and offer application lifecycle management
    enabled: false
  servicemesh:         # Whether to install KubeSphere Service Mesh (Istio-based). It provides fine-grained traffic management, observability and tracing, and offer visualization for traffic topology
    enabled: false

```
